fix(css): add more details to min-width: auto section (#34837)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/min-width/index.md

- {{cssxref("&lt;percentage&gt;")}}
  - : Defines the `min-width` as a percentage of the containing block's width.
- `auto`

  - : The default value. The source of the automatic value for the specified element depends on its display value. For block boxes, inline boxes, inline blocks, and all table layout boxes `auto` resolves to `0`.

>     For [flex items](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Flex_Item) and grid items, the minimum width value is either the specified suggested size, such as the value of the `width` property, the transferred size, calculated if the element has an `aspect-ratio` set and the height is a definite size, otherwise, the `min-content` size. If the flex or grid item is a {{glossary("scroll container")}}, or if a grid item spans more than one track flexible column tracks, the automatic minimum size is `0`.

Author: ```suggestion

    For [flex items](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Flex_Item) and grid items, the minimum width value is either the specified suggested size, such as the value of the `width` property, the transferred size, calculated if the element has an `aspect-ratio` set and the height is a definite size, otherwise, the `min-content` size. If the flex or grid item is a {{glossary("scroll container")}}, or if a grid item spans more than one flexible column tracks, the automatic minimum size is `0`.
```

- {{cssxref("&lt;percentage&gt;")}}
  - : Defines the `min-width` as a percentage of the containing block's width.
- `auto`

  - : The default value. The source of the automatic value for the specified element depends on its display value. For block boxes, inline boxes, inline blocks, and all table layout boxes `auto` resolves to `0`.

>     For [flex items](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Flex_Item) and grid items, the minimum width value is either the specified suggested size, such as the value of the `width` property, the transferred size, calculated if the element has an `aspect-ratio` set and the height is a definite size, otherwise, the `min-content` size. If the flex or grid item is a {{glossary("scroll container")}}, or if a grid item spans more than one flexible column tracks, the automatic minimum size is `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For [flex items](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Flex_Item) and grid items, the minimum width value is either the specified suggested size, such as the value of the `width` property, the transferred size, calculated if the element has an `aspect-ratio` set and the height is a definite size, otherwise, the `min-content` size is used. If the flex or grid item is a {{glossary("scroll container")}}, or if a grid item spans more than one flexible column track, the automatic minimum size is `0`.
```

- {{cssxref("&lt;percentage&gt;")}}
  - : Defines the `min-width` as a percentage of the containing block's width.
- `auto`

> 
>   - : Specifies an automatic minimum size. The browser will calculate and select a `min-width` for the specified element.
> 
>     For block boxes, inline boxes, inline blocks, and all table layout boxes the keyword resolves to `0`.
> 
>     For [flex items](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Flex_Item) and grid items [content-based minimum size](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-grid/#content-based-minimum-size) is used, that is either specified, transferred, or `min-content` size is used. If a flex or gird item is a scroll container the automatic minimum size is `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  - : The default value. The source of the automatic value for the specified element depends on its display value. For block boxes, inline boxes, inline blocks, and all table layout boxes `auto` resolves to `0`.
  
      For [flex items](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Flex_Item) and grid items, the minimum width value is either the specified suggested size, such as the value of the `width` property, the transferred size, calculated if the element has an `aspect-ratio` set and the height is a definite size, otherwise, the `min-content` size. If the flex or grid item is a {{glossary("scroll container")}}, or if a grid item spans more than one track flexible column tracks, the automatic minimum size is `0`.
```
